Update documentation (#27)
IBM/CBOM: EXAMPLES.md

A component can have a dependencies of both types `implements` and `uses`. A crypto asset A is considered as 'used' by component C if there is a `used` dependency path from C to A.

> > **Note:** In classical SBOM, a component represents an external dependency to a library, application, service, etc. Since for some crypto, e.g. the relationship between a protocol and the algorithms used, this relationship is not external but internal, we decided to express this relationship differently by using specific properties to reference assets rather than using the classical dependency implementation.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** In classic SBOM, a component represents a library, application, service, etc. that is used as a dependency within the application. Since for some crypto, e.g. the relationship between a protocol and the algorithms used, this relationship is not external but internal, we decided to express this relationship differently by using specific properties to reference assets rather than using the classical dependency implementation.
```
